Integrate Xanadu Cloud Client (#656)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: doc/development/migration_guides.rst

The format of the configuration file has also changed to `.env
<https://saurabh-kumar.com/python-dotenv/>`_ and the names of some options have
been updated. For example, the Strawberry Fields v0.19.0 configuration

.. code-block:: toml

  # config.toml
  [api]
  authentication_token = "Xanadu Cloud API key goes here"
  hostname = "platform.strawberryfields.ai"
  port = 443
  use_ssl = true

is equivalent to the Strawberry Fields v0.20.0 configuration

.. code-block:: python

  # .env
  XANADU_CLOUD_REFRESH_TOKEN='Xanadu Cloud API key goes here'
  XANADU_CLOUD_HOST='platform.strawberryfields.ai'
  XANADU_CLOUD_PORT=443
  XANADU_CLOUD_TLS=True

Similarly, the names of the configuration environment variables have changed from

.. code-block:: bash

  # Strawberry Fields v0.19.0
  export SF_API_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN="Xanadu Cloud API key goes here"
  export SF_API_HOSTNAME="platform.strawberryfields.ai"
  export SF_API_PORT=443
  export SF_API_USE_SSL=true

to

.. code-block:: bash

  # Strawberry Fields v0.20.0
  export XANADU_CLOUD_REFRESH_TOKEN="Xanadu Cloud API key goes here"
  export XANADU_CLOUD_HOST="platform.strawberryfields.ai"

>   export XANADU_CLOUD_PORT=true
>   export XANADU_CLOUD_TLS=443

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  export XANADU_CLOUD_PORT=443
  export XANADU_CLOUD_TLS=true
```

Finally, ``strawberryfields.store_account()`` has been replaced such that

.. code-block:: python

  # Strawberry Fields v0.19.0
  import strawberryfields as sf
  sf.store_account("Xanadu Cloud API key goes here")

becomes

.. code-block:: python

  # Strawberry Fields v0.20.0
  import xcc
  xcc.Settings(REFRESH_TOKEN="Xanadu Cloud API key goes here").save()

.. note::

>   In most cases, running the following command should be sufficient to configure
>   Strawberry Fields v0.20.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In most cases, running the following command is sufficient to configure
  Strawberry Fields v0.20.0:
```

  .. code-block:: console

      $ xcc config set REFRESH_TOKEN "Xanadu Cloud API key goes here"

Command Line Interface
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following table shows the equivalent ``xcc`` (v0.20.0) command for
each ``sf`` (v0.19.0) command:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 70
   :header-rows: 1

   * - **Strawberry Fields v0.19.0**
     - **Strawberry Fields v0.20.0**
   * - ``sf configure --token "foo"``
     - ``xcc config set REFRESH_TOKEN "foo"``
   * - ``sf --ping``
     - ``xcc ping``
   * - ``sf run "foo.xbb"``
     - ``xcc job submit --name "bar" --target "X8_01" --circuit "$(cat foo.xbb)"``

.. warning::

  Windows PowerShell users should write ``Get-Content foo.xbb -Raw`` instead of ``cat foo.xbb``.

Connection
^^^^^^^^^^

All ``strawberryfields.api.Connection`` instances must be replaced by their

> equivalent `XCC Connection <https://xanadu-cloud-client.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api/xcc.Connection.html>`_

Reviewer: Do you know if this would generate the correct hyperlink?
```suggestion
equivalent `XCC Connection <xcc.Connection>`_
```

counterparts. For example, consider the following instantiation of a Xanadu
Cloud connection in Strawberry Fields v0.19.0:

.. code-block:: Python

    from strawberryfields.api import Connection

    connection = Connection(
        token="Xanadu Cloud API key goes here",
        host="platform.strawberryfields.ai",
        port=443,
        use_ssl=True,
    )

The (semantically) equivalent code in Strawberry Fields v0.20.0 is

.. code-block:: Python

    import xcc

    connection = xcc.Connection(
        refresh_token="Xanadu Cloud API key goes here",  # See "token" argument above.
        host="platform.strawberryfields.ai",
        port=443,

>         tls=True,                                        # See "token" argument above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        tls=True,                                        # See "use_ssl" argument above.
```

    )

Job
^^^

``strawberryfields.api.Job`` has been replaced with an equivalent
`XCC Job <https://xanadu-cloud-client.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api/xcc.Job.html>`_

> counterpart. This will affect the object returned when running an asynchronous job on the

Reviewer: Using "class" here is a little cleaner:
```suggestion
class. This will affect the object returned when running an asynchronous job on the
```

``RemoteEngine``. Any code that uses the ``Job`` object returned by an asynchronous run will need to
be adapted to work with the new :class:`xcc.Job`.

In Strawberry Fields v0.19.0 this could look as follows:

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> job = engine.run_async(program, shots=1)
    >>> job.status
    'queued'
    >>> job.result
    InvalidJobOperationError
    >>> job.refresh()
    >>> job.status
    'complete'
    >>> job.result
    [[0 1 0 2 1 0 0 0]]

>   In Strawberry Fields v0.20.0, the (semantically) equivalent `Job` object would work slightly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In Strawberry Fields v0.20.0, the (semantically) equivalent ``Job`` object would work slightly
```
